# capcut-srt-extractor-python

Capcut SRT Extractor is a Python script that extracts SRT subtitles from Capcut project files. Capcut, a popular video editing application, does not provide an option to export SRT files directly. This script aims to fill that gap by parsing the JSON file generated by Capcut and generating SRT subtitles.

## Why? 🤔

When using Capcut, users often need SRT subtitles for their videos. However, Capcut only generates subtitles within the application and does not offer an export option for SRT files. This script solves this problem by extracting subtitles from Capcut project files and saving them in the widely used SRT format.

## Quick Start 🚀

1. Clone the repository:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/danyfernandes/capcut-srt-extractor-python.git
```

2. Navigate into the project directory:

```bash
cd capcut-srt-extractor-python
```

3. Run the script to see available options:

```bash
python3 main.py -h
```

4. Example usage:

```bash
python3 main.py -i PATH/TO/draft_info.json -o mySrt.srt
```

If no output file is specified, the script will generate an 'out.srt' file in the project root.

## Usage 🛠️

To extract SRT subtitles from Capcut project files:

- Provide the path to the 'draft_info.json' file (or 'draft_content.json' on Windows) using the `-i` option.
- Optionally, specify the output SRT file path using the `-o` option.

## Contributing 🤝

Contributions are welcome! If you have any suggestions, bug reports, or feature requests, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License 📝

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
